today’s world, along with the development of society, the demand for en tertainment has also increased, and gaming has become an indispensable part of people’s lives. Naturally, along with opportunities come significant challenges, andthe requirement for games is to be more enjoyable, engaging, innovative, and cre ative in order to keep up with trends. This poses challenges for large game studiosand even more difficulties for indie developers. Therefore, the use of readily avail able packages is gradually becoming a trend, helping indie developers in the game development process more quickly and easily. However, existing packages often focus on only one small aspect, making them difficult to implement, or if they are easy to use, they often come with high costs,which is challenging for indie developers who typically have small budgets. There fore, this project chooses to develop small, easy-to-install and use packages that are free of charge to maximize support for indie developers. Especially, the demand for GUI Manager, Object Pool Manager, and the Goal-oriented planning package for AI game development is particularly high. Therefore, the project focuses on developing these packages which are designed as tools that can be directly integrated into Unity engines, aiming to develop a complete game with logical game mechanics, detailed game design, and an average game session. The GUI Manager is used to manage the entire UI system in the game. It of fers the advantage of having a centralized object for easy tracking, while each UI component is functionally and structurally separated, making it easy to modify, develop, and scale up. The Pool Manager is responsible for managing all the object pools in the game system, including active objects in the scene and temporary variable memory, which helps optimize the game’s performance. As for the Goal-oriented planning package (GOAP), it is an AI library that allows building characters capable of autonomous behavior based on predefined ob jectives. Finally, the project also develops a platformer game with a pixel art style, uti lizing the aforementioned packages for its development. The game is designed as a journey where players can explore new lands. During this journey, players will have to upgrade their abilities, defeat monsters, and collect valuable items.