NMT’s architectures are usually a stack of multiple layers. As described above, the input source sequence is mapped to a sequence of word embeddings. This is considered the 0 th layer of the Encoder. The ithlayer is built upon the (i−1)th layer by applying the same encoding mechanism, which can be recurrent layer, convolutional layer or self-attention layer, to the output of the (i−1)th. I illustrated multi-layer RNN in figure 2.2 . Or for example,  stacked 6 Transformer layers in both the encoder and the decoder of their NMT model. Deep NMT models are able to learn from very large-scale of parallel data and continually create new remarkable performances, state-of-the-art model. However, deep NMT models are harder to train because the gradient flow has to back-propagate through many layers. In order to prevent the gradient flow from vanishing, which happens when the value of the output of the ar transformation in some layer jumps outside the domain of the activation function,  proposes using residual connections, which replaces f(x)byf(x) +xwhere xis the output of the lower layer and f(.) is the transformation of the layer, to transit from the lower layers to their following layers. By using residual connections, a fraction of the gradient still reaches the lower layer and continues to propagate until the lowest layer.Figure 2.2: Recurrent Neural Network2.5 Recurrent neural machine translation This section reviews the very first NMT architecture, the Recurrent neural machine translation architecture (RNMT). RNMT is composed of a Recurrent encoder, a Recurrent decoder, and tables of word embeddings. The Recurrent encoder and the Recurrent decoder usually use the same type of Recurrent neural network (RNN) layers, such as Gated recurrent unit (GRU) and Long-short term memory (LSTM), which Iwill explain in the following section. RNMT is strictly auto-regressive as each hidden state in the encoder/decoder has to go through every intermediate state to assess the information of any time step before it. The hidden states of RNMT inherit the ordering information, which is an advantage over Convolutional neural machine translation (CNMT) and Attention based neural machine translation (ANMT).