In the field of Vietnamese multi-document summarization, several challenges exist, such as dealing with long input sequences, generating summaries that resemble human-like quality, and the limited availability of labeled data. However, advancements in Transformer-based models, which benefit from parallel computation architecture and attention mechanisms, have partially addressed the issue of long input sequences. Moreover, these models, trained on extensive amounts of text, have demonstrated impressive performance in text generation tasks, approaching the level of human performance. Additionally, employing a pre-training strategy in a self-supervised manner has proven effective in overcoming the scarcity of labeled data. With these considerations, the objective of my thesis is to utilize a large amount of unlabeled text to pre-train a language model specifically designed for Vietnamese summarization task. Following pre-training phrase, the model is fine-tuned on a small set of text summarization samples, aiming for high performance. In terms of Vietnamese multi-document summarization, my thesis contributes by adapting a promising transformer-based model called PRIMERA  to work effectively in the Vietnamese language. Unlike the original Transformer architecture, PRIMERA employs Longformer  to handle long input sequences, which are essentially concatenations of multiple documents. Furthermore, the authors of PRIMERA introduce a novel masking strategy named Entity pyramid strategy, which identifies significant information across documents and consolidates it into a single summary. Experimental results demonstrate that my pre-trained model achieves comparable performance or sometimes higher in both zero-shot and full-finetuning evaluation scenarios. When fine-tuned using approximately 200 samples, our model achievesimpressive Rouge scores , specifically 76.7%, 78.9%, and 73.9% for Rouge1 F1, and 50.2%, 55.0%, and 46.7% for Rouge2-F1, on the VMDS, ViMS, and VLSP datasets respectively. Evaluated on VNDS, a single-document dataset, themodel also achieve comparable result with 63.0%, 33,3% and 42.7% for Rouge1 F1, Rouge2-F1 and Rouge-L-F1 respectively. Our model also achieves very good results in zero-shot evaluation. As far as I know, this is the first publicly availablelarge-scale pre-trained language model specifically designed for Vietnamese multi document summarization, showcasing its effectiveness in resource-limited languages.