When creating a monthly data chart, the data in the chart is an array containing objects with corresponding properties, we need to determine the income attribute for each month with data taken from the history table 6.3.2 Problem solving We use a filter to filter data from history to return orders for the current year, continue to use the map to filter the amount corresponding to the number of products in each cart, and then the map will get the amount of each order in that map. We use reduce to calculate the total amount. Finally, we use reduce to calculate the total amount because now the returned data is just an arrayFigure 6.9: Total income We create a function that receives the input data of the month and we proceed to use the filter function to filter which orders correspond to the first input data as above. For each income of each month, we pass the corresponding data to get the value of the income Figure 6.10: IncomeFigure 6.11: Data of chart 6.3.3 Achievement Get the correct data needed and calculate the exact parameters.7.1 Conclusion After conducting extensive research and receiving guidance from Dr.Nguyen Tuan Dung, I have successfully designed and developed a sales management system as part of my project. The system is developed and deployed on a web platform using Reactjs as a user interface and Nodejs as a server platform. It provides a wide range of functions to users, such as the ability to aggregate information about products, transactions, and customers to enhance sales performance. Meanwhile, system owners can manage employees, products, customers, and user rights, as well as track and manage orders on. Furthermore, the system Generates detailed reports on total revenue, new customers, orders, and sales trends. All these features are intended to increase revenue for managers. During the project, I learned many new technologies, including how to define a project, select system functions, test the system, and connect it to the network. In addition, I honed my analytical, problem-solving, and report-writing skills. Although the system is working and has basic user functions, it has some limitations that need improvement due to time and resource constraints.