Incomplete information * Input Information:Numeric OrderName Required Condition Example 1 Title Yes Gucci Shoes 2 Price No Number 255 3 Description YesThis is product description 4 Category Yes Cucci 5 Stock Yes Number 80 6 Image YesType of image is a jpeg, png, jpg or webp, size of image is lower than 1024*1024(<1mb) UC Code UC13 UC Name Delete/Delete All Product Participating Actors Admin Description Allow admin to delete products information or delete all product Trigger Event Select Delete/Delete All feature Precondition Login into the system as an admin Scenario1. The actor clicks product cards 2. The system displays the checked products 3. The actor chooses the delete feature 4. The system displays the consequences warning window, giving suggestions to disable 5. The actor chooses "Yes" 6. The system announces successful deletion, deleting checked products information from the database Result The system displays deleted product successfullyExtensions1. If the actor clicks Check All, all products will be checked Exceptions1. System displays a message: canceled if the Actor selects “No” UC Code UC14 UC Name Add Cart Participating Actors Customer, Staff Description Allow actor adds products to the cart and change the number of them in the cart Trigger Event Click Buy button Precondition Login into the system as staff or customerScenario1. The actor clicks the Buy button 2. The system displays the bought products in the cart 3. The actor increases the number of products in the cart system checks whether the number of products exceeds the quantity in stock 4. The system shows a product increase in quantity 5. The actor decreases the number of products in the cart 6. The system checks if the product quantity is less than the minimum quantity 7. The system shows a product decrease in quantity 8. The actor chooses the delete feature 9. The system displays the consequences warning window, giving suggestions to disable 10. The actor chooses "Yes" 11. The system announces successful deletion and removes the product from the cart Result The system displays the products and the number of them in the cart or removes the product from the cart Extensions1. If the actor clicks view detail, the detailed product page will be displayed.