1–now: The on boom. However, it is the rise of the Internet and mo bile phones that has taken the gaming industry from tens of billions to hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue. The main reason is thanks to the appearance of subscription services (subscriptions) and freemium services. The company witha freemium model, a combination of “free” and “premium”, provides basic ser vices initially for free to users but to use more premium services or extra features,customers need to pay. In 2001, Microsoft launched the Xbox Live on gam ing platform with a monthly subscription, giving players access to voice chat andmultiplayer connectivity services. It quickly became a must-have feature for con sumers. Meanwhile, on PC, Blizzard tapped into the massively multiplayer on (MMO) subscription market with the 2004 release of World of Warcraft, whichpeaked at over 14 million monthly paying subscribers. At the same time, the com panies saw a bright future for mobile games, but they encountered many difficulties in the exploitation process. Nintendo continued to dominate the handheld market with updated Game Boy releases, and Nokia and BlackBerry tried integrating gameapps into their phones. But it was Apple’s iPhone that underpinned the game’s tran sition to mobile platforms. The company’s release of its App Store for smartphones(followed by Google’s store for Android devices) paved the way for app develop ers to create free, paid games. and pay-per-feature to serve the mass market. Now, everyone’s eyes are on that burgeoning 85 billion dollars mobile gaming market,and game companies are beginning to solidify their positions in this segment. Con sole makers like Microsoft and Sony are rolling out cloud subscription services while they continue to develop new consoles. Meanwhile, Amazon and Google arerolling out their services that work across multiple devices, including mobile de vices. After seeing the success that games like Pokemon Go have on smartphones, the title hit over 1 billion dollars in annual sales and broke Grand Theft Auto V’s 1billion dollar sales record in just over a year and three days, companies are tryingto capture as much share of the mobile gaming market as possible. With the prolif eration of smartphones, social gaming and streaming services, they’re on the right track. There are over 2.7 billion people playing games worldwide in 2020, and how they choose to spend their money will continue to shape the history of the gaming industry.