Results To start playing, the player needs to log in to the game. If the login name and device ID are not present in the database, the server will automatically create a new player. (Figure 5.16) Figure 5.16: Log In Screen After successfully logging into the game, the player will see the main interface of the game. Here, the player can start a match, upgrade their power by improving weapons, trade at the shop, and manage their inventory. Additionally, the player can also adjust the game settings from this screen. (Figure 5.17) Figure 5.17: The Main ScreenThe Inventory is a place that contains the items that the player currently possesses. The Popup Inventory is designed with three sections. The left section consists of equipment slots where the player can equip items. The middle section dis plays all the items that the player owns, which are stacked together. The right sec-tion is where item information is shown. In this section, the player can directly sell equipment to the store to earn gold. To equip an item, the player can drag the item from the bag to the appropriate item slot on the left or click the "Equip" button in the item information section.(Figure 5.18) Figure 5.18: Inventory PopupThe Shop is a place where players can trade with NPCs. Here, all types of equip ment from Common to Rare are available for purchase. To buy an item, the playerclicks on the desired item, selects the quantity, and presses "Confirm". After a suc cessful transaction, the player will receive a notification.(Figure 5.19) Figure 5.19: Popup Shop The Forge is a place where players can upgrade their equipment. Players can forge four pieces of equipment of the same type and quality to receive a higher-tier item. This is also the only place in the game where players can craft legendary equipment.(Figure 5.20)Figure 5.20: Popup Forge The game levels are designed with different themes, corresponding to differentregions. Each level comes with various difficulty levels, requiring players to nav igate to avoid traps, defeat enemies, and reach the exit door to escape from the area. The in-game display always includes information about the player’s health, the duration of the match, and additional options such as reset, back to the menu, or pause.