This strange feeling pulled him out of the pit of despair, made him look around andthis scene was forever imprinted in his mind until the last days of his life. The story of the boy in a desperate scream for extermination who unleashed the power to destroy the cockroaches has quickly spread throughout the A continent. Some believe the boy has special powers, others say that the boy’s scream had touched a higher-level existence, some just considered it a coincidence, etc. But whatever the conclusion, countless people tried to research its usage. That power is based on rumors, they believe that as long as they control this power, they will become the hegemony of the continent. It has been proven that this power is indeed attainable when in the following years it has begun to appear that some people can create phenomena beyond human understanding when trying to understand them. making strange sounds with the mouth. This reinforced the belief that there was a power beyond human ability and from this point on, the entire A continent was immersed in trying to control this power. Over the years, the research and application of this mysterious power have come a long way. The sound that the boy made this yearis known as an ancient language by humans, this is also the reason why the qual ity of life in Continent A has grown to a height beyond all imagination. Ancient languages occupy absolute importance in life here, appearing in all fields such as military, mining, education, economy, etc. Through countless years of research and development, the world has only discovered 2 types of ancient languages, calledEnglish and Vietnamese. Each type has its characteristics but all bring great ben efits in all aspects of life. A special feature is that each person can only use one type of ancient language - that is the first type of ancient language they use in their life. This has inadvertently created two opposing factions in Continent A whenevery user of the ancient language believes that the language they use is the origi nal strength of this continent. This ideological conflict over time splits the peopleliving here into two main factions, empire B and C. At first, political conflicts be tween B and C took place extremely tensely when the two empires were very tense.