Nowaday, neural machine translation (NMT) systems constitute state-of-the-art systems in machine translation. However, such translation models require relatively large train data and struggle to handle a specific domain text. A domain may consist of texts from a particular topic or texts written for a particular purpose. While NMT systems can be adapted for better translation quality in a target domain given a representative train corpus, this technique has adverse side effects, including brittleness against out-of-domain examples and ”catastrophic forgetting” of previous domains represented in the train data. Moreover, one translation system must cope with many possible domains in real applications, making the ”one domain one model” impractical. A promising solution is to build multi-domain NMT systems trained from many domains and adapted to multiple target domains. The rationale behind this is twofold. First, large train corpus improve the generalization of the NMT system. Secondly, texts from one domain can be valuable for adapting an NMT model to a similar domain. The scarcity of data and the hypothetical positive transfer effect are also two main reasons for building multilingual NMT systems. Maintaining multiple bilingual MT systems requires lots of hardware resources as the number of language pairs grows quadratically with the increasing number of languages. Both multi-domain and multilingual NMT systems are essential for saving resources for the MT industry and improving the quality of the MT service. In my work, this research was motivated by the idea of incorporating a domain tag for individual sentences, a technique that has demonstrated remarkable efficacy in multilingual and multidomain machine translation training. The proposed approach emphasizes data quality while preserving the integrity of the model’s architecture. This thesis endeavors to develop a multi-domain machine translation system with particular emphasis on three domains: legal, medical, and technology. The multi-domain machine translation system comprises two primary components: domain classification and neural machine translation. Prior to entering the NMT phase, sentences undergo a domain classification module, which identifies the domain of each sentence. Subsequently, a domain token is appended to the sentence before being processed by the NMT component.